>> Stephen: HI, EVERYBODY.
WELCOME TO "A LATE SHOW."
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF A FIGHT
IN THE ROOM.
DO WE NEED TO CLEAN UP THE AREA?
I DON'T THINK SO BECAUSE YOU
CAN'T SEE IT.
I CAN AND I'M FINE WITH IT.
WELCOME TO "THE LATE SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
LAST NIGHT, I TALKED ABOUT THE
GOVERNORS WHO HAVE DECIDED TO
REOPEN THEIR STATES IN
OPPOSITION TO THE FEDERAL
GUIDELINES, BUT ONE DAY LATER,
I'M HAPPY TO REPORT THAT COOLER
HEADS HAVE PREVAILED IN OUR
NATION'S LEADERSHIP, BECAUSE THE
INSANE CLOWN POSSE IS CALLING
OFF ITS ANNUAL GATHERING OF THE
JUGGALOS FESTIVAL.
THEY'VE ALSO OFFICIALLY
CHANGED THEIR NAME TO THE
RATIONAL CLOWN POSSE.
OF COURSE, THIS MOVE WILL
DISAPPOINT FANS OF I.C.P., KNOWN
AS "JUGGALOS," SEEN HERE
CONFUSING THEIR GRANDPARENTS.
YESTERDAY, THE CLOWN POSSE'S
RECORD LABEL, PSYCHOPATHIC
RECORDS, ISSUED A STATEMENT:
"WITH THOUSANDS OF DEATHS DURING
THE COVID-19 OUTBREAK, WE REFUSE
TO RISK EVEN ONE JUGGALO LIFE BY
HOSTING A GATHERING DURING THESE
TROUBLING TIMES."
SO, THESE GUYS RESPECT SCIENCE
MORE THAN THE GOVERNOR OF
GEORGIA.
MAKES SENSE.
THEY'VE ALWAYS WANTED
EXPLANATIONS BASED ON HARD
SCIENCE.
>> WATER, FIRE, AIR AND DIRT.
(  BLEEP  ) MAGNETS.
HOW DO THEY WORK?
>> STEPHEN: YOU KNOW WHO I WISH
BELIEVED IN SCIENCE AS MUCH AS
THE INSANE CLOWN POSSE?
THE INSANE CLOWN PRESIDENT.
IT TURNS OUT THAT THE DIRECTOR
OF THE LEAD FEDERAL AGENCY
SEARCHING FOR A CORONAVIRUS
VACCINE WAS FIRED BECAUSE OF HIS
CONCERN ABOUT TRUMP'S
CORONAVIRUS TREATMENT THEORY.
DR. TRUMP IS CANNING MEDICAL
EXPERTS JUST BECAUSE THEY
DISAGREE WITH HIS RANDOM NOTIONS
OF HEALTH.
YOU KNOW ANY DAY NOW, THE NEW
FOOD PYRAMID IS GOING TO LOOK
LIKE THIS.
THE OFFICIAL IN QUESTION IS
FORMER DIRECTOR OF THE
BIOMEDICAL ADVANCED RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY AN
HUSKY ANDERSON COOPER, DR. RICK
BRIGHT.
TRUMP FIRED A GUY NAMED
"DR. BRIGHT."
HE ALSO LET GO PROFESSOR SMARTY,
DR. SAVIOR, AND SECRETARY "I
HAVE THE CURE DON'T FIRE ME."
APPARENTLY, BEHIND THE SCENES,
DR. BRIGHT OPPOSED THE CURE THAT
TRUMP LIKES.
WHAT WAS THAT AGAIN?
>> CHLOROQUINE, OR
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE.
THE HYDROXY-CHLOROQUINE.
THE CHLOROQUINE.
HYDROXY... CHLOR... CHLOROQUINE.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE?
TAKE IT.
I REALLY THINK THEY SHOULD TAKE
IT.
>> STEPHEN: IT'S THE MOST
BLATANT PRESIDENTIAL
DRUG-PUSHING SINCE THE 1956
CAMPAIGN, "IKE LIKES COKE."
TRUMP'S BEEN PUSHING THIS EVEN
THOUGH THERE HAS BEEN NO
CONCLUSIVE RESEARCH.
AFTER GETTING FIRED, DR. BRIGHT
SAID, "I BELIEVE THIS WAS IN
RESPONSE TO MY INSISTENCE THAT
THE GOVERNMENT INVEST THE
BILLIONS OF DOLLARS ALLOCATED BY
CONGRESS TO ADDRESS THE COVID-19
PANDEMIC INTO SAFE AND
SCIENTIFICALLY VETTED SOLUTIONS,
AND NOT IN DRUGS, VACCINES AND
OTHER TECHNOLOGIES THAT LACK
SCIENTIFIC MERIT."
(AS TRUMP)
"HEY, LOOK, MY IDEAS DON'T LACK
SCIENTIFIC MERIT.
THEY LACK ANY MERIT.
READY FOR ANOTHER?
BOOF SOME LISTERINE.
COULDN'T HURT.
I MEAN, IT STINGS.
BUT THAT'S HOW YOU KNOW IT'S
WORKING."
EVEN WITH DR. BRIGHT GONE, THE
PRESIDENT ISN'T WITHOUT ADVICE,
BECAUSE TRUMP REGULARLY TELLS
VISITORS TO THE OVAL OFFICE THAT
HE IS IN TOUCH WITH DOCTORS IN
NEW YORK, INCLUDING HIS OWN, WHO
YOU'LL REMEMBER LOOKS LIKE THIS.
"HELLO!
I'M DR. KOOKY.
MAYBE WE CAN CURE THE
CORONAVIRUS WITH THESE LOOSE
PILLS I FOUND IN THE CUPHOLDER
OF MY CAMRY.
ONE OF THEM IS A GEL CAP.
IT'S GOT TO DO SOMETHING."
DIGNITY.
ALWAYS DIGNITY.
DR. BRIGHT'S NOT THE ONLY EXPERT
THAT TRUMP IS SHUTTING UP.
ENTER C.D.C. DIRECTOR AND MAN
PASSIONATELY DESCRIBING HIS
STOLEN MARACAS, ROBERT REDFIELD.
ON TUESDAY, DR. REDFIELD TOLD
THE "WASHINGTON POST" THAT
"THERE'S A POSSIBILITY THAT THE
ASSAULT OF THE VIRUS ON OUR
NATION NEXT WINTER WILL ACTUALLY
BE EVEN MORE DIFFICULT THAN THE
ONE WE JUST WENT THROUGH."
AND IF YOU DON'T REMEMBER HOW
DIFFICULT THIS WINTER WAS, IT
HAD TRUMP'S ACQUITTAL, THE
AUSTRALIAN BUSHFIRES, AND "CATS:
THE MOVIE."
REDFIELD SAID IT WOULD BE A
TOUGH WINTER BECAUSE WE'D BE
FIGHTING A FLU EPIDEMIC AND A
CORONAVIRUS EPIDEMIC AT THE SAME
TIME.
AND REDFIELD ADDED THAT IT
HASN'T BEEN EASY EXPLAINING THIS
TO EVERYONE.
"WHEN I'VE SAID THIS TO OTHERS,
THEY KIND OF PUT THEIR HEAD
BACK, THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT
I MEAN."
(AS REDFIELD)
"YES... 'OTHERS' GOT VERY
CONFUSED.
'OTHERS' STOPPED LISTENING TO
ME, TURNED ON SOME CARTOONS AND
I HAD TO SAY, "THIS IS
IMPORTANT, PRESIDENT OTHERS."
OTHERS WASN'T HAPPY ABOUT
REDFIELD SAYING THIS TO THE
"WASHINGTON POST."
SO HE SUMMONED DR. REDFIELD TO
HIS DAILY PRESS BRIEFING, AND
SAID THERE'S A SIMPLE
EXPLANATION.
>> DR. ROBERT REDFIELD WAS
TOTALLY MISQUOTED IN THE MEDIA
ON HIS STATEMENT ABOUT THE FALL
SEASON AND THE VIRUS.
TOTALLY MISQUOTED.
I SPOKE TO HIM AND HE SAID IT
WAS RIDICULOUS.
HE WAS MISQUOTED, TOTALLY
MISQUOTED.
>> STEPHEN: OKAY, I GUESS HE WAS
TOTALLY MISQUOTED IN THE
"WASHINGTON POST."
>> I AM ACCURATELY QUOTED IN THE
>> STEPHEN: THERE YOU GO.
IT'S A CASE OF HE-SAID... YEAH
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT HE SAID.
REDFIELD THEN TRIED TO EXPLAIN
THAT HE HAD BEEN RIGHT ALL
ALONG-- BUT SO HAD TRUMP.
>> I THINK IT IS REALLY
IMPORTANT TO EMPHASIZE WHAT I
DIDN'T SAY.
I DIDN'T SAY THAT THIS WAS GOING
TO BE "WORSE."
I SAID IT WAS GOING TO BE
COMPLICA-- OR MORE DIFFICULT.
DOESN'T MEAN IT'LL BE MORE
IMPOSSIBLE.
DOESN'T MEAN IT'S GOING TO BE
MORE, AS SOME PEOPLE HAVE SAID,
"WORSE," IT JUST MEANS MORE
DIFFICULT.
>> STEPHEN: HOW CAN SOMETHING
THAT'S MORE DIFFICULT NOT BE
WORSE?
"I DIDN'T SAY NINE WAS BIGGER
THAN SEVEN.
I JUST SAID IT WAS MORE NUMBER.
IT'S ADDITIONAL MANYS."
TRUMP WENT ONE STEP FURTHER AND
SAID NEXT YEAR'S VIRUS WON'T BE
WORSE.
THEE MAY NOT A BE VIRUS AT ALL.
>> IF THE CORONA COMES BACK.
AND HE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW IF IT
IS GOING TO.
IT IS ESTIMATED IT MIGHT
NOT COME BACK AT ALL, JIM.
IT MIGHT NOT COME BACK AT ALL.
I PERSONALLY HOPE IT DOESN'T
COME BACK IN THE FALL.
>> STEPHEN: YOU HOPE?
MR. PRESIDENT, HOPE IS NOT A
PLAN.
I HOPE YOU DON'T COME BACK IN
THE FALL, BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
I HAVEN'T STOCKPILED...
MEDICINE, IN CASE YOU DO.
MMM.
MASSIVE DOSES.
STILL, HEARING THAT THE VIRUS
MAY NOT COME BACK WAS
COMFORTING...
FOR A WHILE.
>> WE WILL HAVE CORONAVIRUS IN
THE FALL.
I AM CONVINCED OF THAT.
THERE WILL BE CORONAVIRUS IN THE
FALL.
>> STEPHEN: SO WE JUST BETTER
PRAY THAT CORONAVIRUS IS CURED
BY PUMPKIN SPICE.
BUT DON'T THINK THE PRESIDENT
DOESN'T VALUE EXPERTISE.
OH, NO.
WE JUST FOUND OUT THAT SECRETARY
OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
ALEX AZAR TAPPED A FORMER DOG
BREEDER TO LEAD THE GOVERNMENT'S
"DAY-TO-DAY" RESPONSE TO THE
CORONAVIRUS.
SURE.
BUT WHY NOT JUST CUT OUT THE
MIDDLE MAN AND APPOINT A DOG?
MY DOG BENNY IS AVAILABLE.
COME ON, UP, UP, UP!
THERE YOU GO!
SEE?
TECHNICALLY, HE'S A DOG BREEDER,
TOO.
WANT SOME TURKEY?
THERE YOU GO.
BENNY, UP, UP, UP!
SAY HI TO THE PEOPLE.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEAS OF HOW TO
FIGHT THE CORONAVIRUS?
WHAT'S THAT?
GIVE YOU MORE TURKEY?
I DON'T SEE HOW THAT WOULD HELP,
BUT AS A GREAT MAN ONCE SAID...
>> WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO
LOSE?
( MAKING SOUNDS TO GET
ATTENTION )
UP HERE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE THE HEAD OF
INFECTIOUS DISEASE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE THE HEAD OF
THE N.I.H.
THAT'S RIGHT, THAT'S RIGHT!
BYE-BYE, NO MORE TURKEY!
HE'S GOING TO GO STRAIGHT FOR MY
THROAT.
THE DOG BREEDER IN CHARGE OF
KEEPING YOU ALIVE IS BRIAN
HARRISON, AND UNTIL 2018, HE RAN
A COMPANY CALLED "DALLAS
LABRADOODLES."
NOW WE KNOW WHO CROSS-BRED
TRUMP'S HAIR.
TRUMP'S GOTTEN A LOT CRITICISM
FOR HOW HE'S HANDLED THE CRISIS,
BUT YESTERDAY HE UNVEILED A NEW
PLAN TO FIX EVERYTHING.
>> I AM EXCITED TO ANNOUNCE
THAT IN THE COMING WEEKS, THE
AIR FORCE THUNDERBIRDS ARE
INCREDIBLE, AND THE NAVY BLUE
ANGELS, EQUALLY INCREDIBLE, WILL
BE PERFORMING AIR SHOWS OVER
AMERICA'S MAJOR CITIES AND SOME
OF THE CITIES THAT AREN'T MAJOR
CITIES.
WE'RE PAYING TRIBUTE TO OUR
FRONT LINE HEALTH CARE WORKERS
CONFRONTING COVID.
>> Stephen: THAT'S RIGHT.
HE'S FIGHTING A
RESPIRATORY VIRUS WITH OUR
MILITARY.
JUST LIKE IN THE TOM CRUISE
CLASSIC, "TOP LUNG."
BUT A JET PLANE FLY-BY ISN'T
JUST FUN AND GAMES:
>> THEY'RE GOING TO BEE DOING
A LOT OF WORK, A LOT OF
DANGEROUS FLYING.
IT'S DANGEROUS, YOU KNOW
THE ODDS WHEN YOU START GOING
AT MASSIVE SPEEDS AND YOU ARE
18 INCHES AWAY FROM EACH OTHER.
>> STEPHEN: 18 INCHES?
THAT IS DANGEROUS.
THOSE PLANES SHOULD BE FLYING AT
LEAST SIX FEET APART.
AND YOU CAN'T GO OUTSIDE TO
WATCH IT.
IN ORDER TO AVOID DRAWING
CROWDS, THE PLANES WILL AVOID
FLYING OVER AREAS WHERE PEOPLE
CAN CONGREGATE.
SO, YOU'LL JUST GET TO HEAR THEM
ROAR OVERHEAD.
ALL IN ALL, A BEAUTIFUL TRIBUTE:
BRIEFLY GIVING EACH AND EVERY
AMERICAN THE SENSE OF WHAT IT'S
LIKE TO LIVE NEAR LAGUARDIA.
DURING THE PANDEMIC, CONGRESS
HAS BEEN APPROVING MONEY FOR
STATES THAT ARE STRUGGLING.
BUT THAT COULD ALL END SOON,
THANKS TO SENATE MAJORITY LEADER
AND PROFILE IN PORRIDGE, MITCH
MCCONNELL.
YESTERDAY, MCCONNELL SAID THAT
INSTEAD OF GETTING ANY MORE
MONEY FROM THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT, STATES SHOULD
CONSIDER BANKRUPTCY.
BANKRUPTCY?
REALLY?
THEY'RE AMERICAN STATES, NOT
TRUMP CASINOS.
UNSURPRISINGLY, MCCONNELL'S
"SCREW THE STATES" PLAN ISN'T
VERY
POPULAR WITH THE STATES.
NOT EVEN AMONG CONSERVATIVES.
LAST NIGHT, NEW YORK REPUBLICAN
CONGRESSMAN PETER KING TWEETED
THAT TAKING AWAY FUNDING FOR
"COPS, FIREFIGHTERS AND
HEALTHCARE WORKERS MAKES
MCCONNELL THE MARIE ANTOINETTE
OF THE SENATE."
A POWERFUL IMAGE.
WHAT WOULD THAT LOOK LIKE?
I HAVE SEEN TOO MUCH.
I MUST WIPE AWAY MY EYES.
HEY, I'M VERY EXCITED ABOUT MY
GUEST TONIGHT, BILLIONAIRE
PHILANTHROPIST AND VELMA FROM
"SCOOBY DOO," BILL GATES.
GATES WARNED THE WORLD THAT WE
WEREN'T READY FOR A PANDEMIC IN
A TED TALK IN MARCH 2015.
NOTICE THAT DESPITE HIS DIRE
PREDICTION, HE'S WEARING A
CHEERY PINK SWEATER.
THE WORSE THE NEWS, THE HAPPIER
HIS OUTFIT.
TONIGHT, I JUST HOPE HE'S NOT
DRESSED AS A TELETUBBY.
WE'VE GOT "A SHOW" FOR YOU
TONIGHT.
I'LL BE TALKING TO BILL GATES.
STICK AROUND.
HERE ARE THE ACTUAL QUESTIONS.
THEN JOINED BY THE STARS OF
"HOMELAND," CLAIRE DANES AND
MANDY PATINKIN, TO TALK ABOUT
THE SERIES FINALE THIS SUNDAY.
STICK AROUND.
♪